# References

## Adjustment of p-values

Arias-Castro, E., and Chen, S. (2017). Distribution-free multiple testing.
Electron. J. Statist. 11, 1983–2001.

Barber, R.F., and Candès, E.J. (2015). Controlling the false discovery rate via
knockoffs. Ann. Statist. 43, 2055–2085.

Benjamini, Y., and Hochberg, Y. (1995). Controlling the False Discovery Rate: A
Practical and Powerful Approach to Multiple Testing. Journal of the Royal
Statistical Society. Series B (Methodological) 57, 289–300.

Benjamini, Y., and Liu, W. (1999). A step-down multiple hypotheses testing
procedure that controls the false discovery rate under independence. Journal of
Statistical Planning and Inference 82, 163–170.

Benjamini, Y., and Yekutieli, D. (2001). The Control of the False Discovery Rate
in Multiple Testing under Dependency. The Annals of Statistics 29, 1165–1188.

Bonferroni, C.E. (1936). Teoria statistica delle classi e calcolo delle
probabilita (Libreria internazionale Seeber).

G’Sell, M.G., Wager, S., Chouldechova, A., and Tibshirani, R. (2016). Sequential
selection procedures and false discovery rate control. J. R. Stat. Soc. B 78,
423–444.

Hochberg, Y. (1988). A sharper Bonferroni procedure for multiple tests of
significance. Biometrika 75, 800–802.

Holm, S. (1979). A Simple Sequentially Rejective Multiple Test Procedure.
Scandinavian Journal of Statistics 6, 65–70.

Hommel, G. (1988). A stagewise rejective multiple test procedure based on a
modified Bonferroni test. Biometrika 75, 383–386.

Šidák, Z. (1967). Rectangular Confidence Regions for the Means of Multivariate
Normal Distributions. Journal of the American Statistical Association 62,
626–633.


## Estimation of π₀

Benjamini, Y., Krieger, A.M., and Yekutieli, D. (2006). Adaptive linear step-up
procedures that control the false discovery rate. Biometrika 93, 491–507.

Langaas, M., Lindqvist, B.H., and Ferkingstad, E. (2005). Estimating the
proportion of true null hypotheses, with application to DNA microarray data.
Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series B (Statistical Methodology) 67,
555–572.

Liang, K., and Nettleton, D. (2012). Adaptive and dynamic adaptive procedures
for false discovery rate control and estimation. Journal of the Royal
Statistical Society: Series B (Statistical Methodology) 74, 163–182.

Markitsis, A., and Lai, Y. (2010). A censored beta mixture model for the
estimation of the proportion of non-differentially expressed genes.
Bioinformatics 26, 640–646.

Robinson, D. (2016). Original Procedure for Choosing λ.
http://varianceexplained.org/files/pi0boot.pdf

Storey, J.D., Taylor, J.E., and Siegmund, D. (2004). Strong control,
conservative point estimation and simultaneous conservative consistency of false
discovery rates: a unified approach. Journal of the Royal Statistical Society:
Series B (Statistical Methodology) 66, 187–205.


## Combination of p-values

Fisher, R.A. (1925). Statistical methods for research workers (Genesis
Publishing Pvt Ltd).

Liptak, T. (1958). On the combination of independent tests. Magyar Tud Akad Mat
Kutato Int Kozl 3, 171–197.

Simes, R.J. (1986). An improved Bonferroni procedure for multiple tests of
significance. Biometrika 73, 751–754.

Stouffer, S.A. (1949). The American soldier. Vol. 1: Adjustment during army life
(Princeton University Press).

Tippett, L.H.C. (1931). The Methods of Statistics. An introduction mainly for
workers in the biological sciences. The Methods of Statistics. An Introduction
Mainly for Workers in the Biological Sciences.

Wilkinson, B. (1951). A statistical consideration in psychological research.
Psychological Bulletin 48, 156.
